API and YAML reference: Add missing `interval` field for policy automations (#38382)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| Name                              | Type  | Description   |
| ---------------------             | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | interval          |               | integer | How often policy, vulnerability, and host status automations are triggered in nanoseconds (default: `3600000000000` (1 day)) |

Author: ```suggestion
| interval          |               | integer | How often policy, vulnerability, and host status automations are triggered. Accepts values of `s` (seconds), `m` (minutes), and `h` (hours) (default: `24h`) |
```

> | interval          |               | integer | How often policy, vulnerability, and host status automations are triggered. Accepts values of `s` (seconds), `m` (minutes), and `h` (hours) (default: `24h`) |

Author: Thanks!
